•	18-3-24 In this week I worked on HPLC communication, I have succesfully implemented HPLC Communication for two way communication between esp8266 and EV cahrger simulator in Visual Basics.
•	Also I started with basics for cloud, and was albe to display SOC of EV Battery Received from Simulator on Netpie Cloud Using Wifi and ESp module.
•	Next week I plan to work on controlling EV cahrging through cloud and also defining EV charging scheduling algorithm. 
•	25-03-24 In last week I am able to control EV Charging, get back EV SOC from Visual basics,Develop Power and energy consumed logic for meter, Display EV SOC and Power Consumed on cloud. also have introduced real time clock for Ev scheduling
•	1-4-23 In last week I worked on EV scheduling procedure and off peak time charging algorithm. In Next week my fist focus is to optimize my code performance espacially in term of communication and introduce emergency charging feature for charging
10-04-23 In this week I worked on the optimization of of my code performance and also introduced the emergency charging function.
19-04-23 In this week I worked on introducing non critical loads and their control through cloud platform. I also developed a feed back process that if the available time before target time is less than the time reqired to charge the ev, then the user will be informed about how much ev would be charged in available time, and if he wants to get more soc he need to either turn off non critical loads or turn on emergency charging.In next week i plan to introduce the simulation of non critical loads just for the display and then work on my netpie cloud user interface and setting.
